but that there are about a 12 in the afternoon I was going to lunch
however first I want to do of the morning has this cove
is found in some of the bad qualities that we are here in Rome
15 20 km a
subscribe to petra
the south ebay coast and the clay island
very nice to play sports these rocks i have to say there are several fish.
the usual try a Mediterranean sea
bank turn this corner this rock on the next inlet
where the beach faces breathtaking cliffs
there are very few people
quiet place then today there is no breath of wind I must say
which is very very hot
and therefore also the umbrella remain still
the flat
fixate
the opus beach which is therefore its boiling point of fire
cuttings 10 and a half was almost possible to put your feet on
on fire
and this technique casts umbrella tips and umbrellas and is hidden from
from these plants
and then the cove continues on the other side. of Phoenician beaches
as grazed
with the whole series of rocks
there too, shopping
be it a lot
nice cody politicians
what terrine of this beach and what are there
support for rocks too
all over the sea we say no photos
a few tens of hundreds away I have a few meters
It's all a rock
so points believe
on the other and on the water
crystalline I hope you see well
however, there are the rocks
for the whole width of the
Creek
very very nice video
photo beach that covers a few because there is some hook
20 people
then we see
I love paint with all my heart.
belen
calculates that it is nowhere advertised
beaches
+ however you tell him he writes
fedex high draw distally
the lyrics of girls
beppe gentlemen menade then we all leave propolis all the windows and doors new
like the photos and the
busy valley theater
so there is no danger that
cocoon you take this time with you
mine has arrived
if you come we love oil and that an eagle day you can half a day
you can also pass through especially if I like to do it slow death
you dress rock that there are
unitn botia by via
we close here